{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green117\blue7;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red155\green35\blue147;\red11\green79\blue121;\red28\green70\blue74;\red57\green0\blue160;\red15\green104\blue160;
\red50\green109\blue116;\red108\green54\blue169;\red196\green26\blue22;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c14771\c45953\c2591;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85000;
\csgenericrgb\c60759\c13753\c57628;\csgenericrgb\c4477\c31152\c47474;\csgenericrgb\c10981\c27276\c28869;\csgenericrgb\c22454\c0\c62803;\csgenericrgb\c5696\c40622\c62817;
\csgenericrgb\c19418\c42935\c45455;\csgenericrgb\c42190\c21278\c66379;\csgenericrgb\c77000\c10200\c8600;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab593
\pard\tx593\pardeftab593\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 //\cf4 \
\cf2 //  ReadingViewController.swift\cf4 \
\cf2 //  iosMail\cf4 \
\cf2 //\cf4 \
\cf2 //  Created by student on 2020-10-27.\cf4 \
\cf2 //\cf4 \
\

\f1\b \cf5 import
\f0\b0 \cf4  UIKit\
\

\f1\b \cf5 class
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf6 ReadingViewController\cf4 : \cf7 MainViewController\cf4 , \cf8 UITableViewDelegate\cf4 , \cf8 UITableViewDataSource\cf4  \{\
	
\f1\b \cf5 func
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 tableView\cf4 (
\f1\b \cf5 _
\f0\b0 \cf4  tableView: \cf8 UITableView\cf4 , numberOfRowsInSection section: \cf8 Int\cf4 ) -> \cf8 Int\cf4  \{\
		
\f1\b \cf5 return
\f0\b0 \cf4  
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 .\cf10 animals\cf4 .\cf11 count\cf4 \
	\}\
\
	
\f1\b \cf5 func
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 tableView\cf4 (
\f1\b \cf5 _
\f0\b0 \cf4  tableView: \cf8 UITableView\cf4 , cellForRowAt indexPath: \cf8 IndexPath\cf4 ) -> \cf8 UITableViewCell\cf4  \{\
		\cf2 // create a new cell if needed or reuse an old one\cf4 \
		
\f1\b \cf5 let
\f0\b0 \cf4  cell:\cf8 UITableViewCell\cf4  = (
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 .\cf10 tableView\cf4 .\cf11 dequeueReusableCell\cf4 (withIdentifier: \cf10 cellReuseIdentifier\cf4 ) 
\f1\b \cf5 as
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf8 UITableViewCell\cf4 ?)!\
\
		\cf2 // set the text from the data model\cf4 \
		cell.\cf11 textLabel\cf4 ?.\cf11 text\cf4  = 
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 .\cf10 animals\cf4 [indexPath.\cf11 row\cf4 ]\
\
		
\f1\b \cf5 return
\f0\b0 \cf4  cell\
	\}\
\
	\cf2 // method to run when table view cell is tapped\cf4 \
	
\f1\b \cf5 func
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 tableView\cf4 (
\f1\b \cf5 _
\f0\b0 \cf4  tableView: \cf8 UITableView\cf4 , didSelectRowAt indexPath: \cf8 IndexPath\cf4 ) \{\
		\cf11 print\cf4 (\cf12 "You tapped cell number \cf4 \\(indexPath.\cf11 row\cf4 )\cf12 ."\cf4 )\
	\}\
\
	
\f1\b \cf5 let
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 animals\cf4 : [\cf8 String\cf4 ] = [\cf12 "Horse"\cf4 , \cf12 "Cow"\cf4 , \cf12 "Camel"\cf4 , \cf12 "Sheep"\cf4 , \cf12 "Goat"\cf4 ]\
\
	\cf2 // cell reuse id (cells that scroll out of view can be reused)\cf4 \
	
\f1\b \cf5 let
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 cellReuseIdentifier\cf4  = \cf12 "cell"\cf4 \
\
\
	
\f1\b \cf5 @IBOutlet
\f0\b0 \cf4  
\f1\b \cf5 weak
\f0\b0 \cf4  
\f1\b \cf5 var
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 tableView\cf4 : \cf8 UITableView\cf4 !\
\
	
\f1\b \cf5 override
\f0\b0 \cf4  
\f1\b \cf5 func
\f0\b0 \cf4  \cf9 viewDidLoad\cf4 () \{\
        
\f1\b \cf5 super
\f0\b0 \cf4 .\cf10 viewDidLoad\cf4 ()\
		\cf2 // Register the table view cell class and its reuse id\cf4 \
		
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 .\cf10 tableView\cf4 .\cf11 register\cf4 (\cf8 UITableViewCell\cf4 .
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 , forCellReuseIdentifier: \cf10 cellReuseIdentifier\cf4 )\
		\cf2 // (optional) include this line if you want to remove the extra empty cell divider lines\cf4 \
		\cf2 // self.tableView.tableFooterView = UIView()\cf4 \
\
		\cf2 // This view controller itself will provide the delegate methods and row data for the table view.\cf4 \
		\cf10 tableView\cf4 .\cf11 delegate\cf4  = 
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 \
		\cf10 tableView\cf4 .\cf11 dataSource\cf4  = 
\f1\b \cf5 self
\f0\b0 \cf4 \
\
        \cf2 // Do any additional setup after loading the view.\cf4 \
    \}\
    \
\
    \cf2 /*\cf4 \
\cf2     // MARK: - Navigation\cf4 \
\
\cf2     // In a storyboard-based application, you will often want to do a little preparation before navigation\cf4 \
\cf2     override func prepare(for segue: UIStoryboardSegue, sender: Any?) \{\cf4 \
\cf2         // Get the new view controller using segue.destination.\cf4 \
\cf2         // Pass the selected object to the new view controller.\cf4 \
\cf2     \}\cf4 \
\cf2     */\cf4 \
\
\}\
}